1)What is npm?
Ans:NPM not stands for node package manager, but it manages all the node packages using the package.json file
    to install any package use the NPM command

2)What is parcel/webpack? Why do we need it?
Ans:Parcel is a bundler, it is need it for the minifier and build the apps and also host the app in the local and also diagnosis the errors and also gives the live local server
    Ex: Parcel, Web pack,Vite

3)What is `.parcel-cache`?    
Ans:.parcel cache is the folder where the cache of the app is stored, It optimize  the app performance. This folder is created when give the command 
     parcel index.html

4)What is npx?
Ans:npx stands for node package executer, Which is used to execute the packages
    npx index.html

5) What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
Ans:The dependencies are nothing but node packages are used to get functionality in our application and these packages which go in the live to the users
    but the dev dependcies are also packages used for only in development phase and it will not go in live phase

6)What is tree shaking?
Ans:Tree shaking process will start when we run the bundler such as parcel, It removes the unused code 
    benefits:
             reduce bundle size
             removes the unused code
             improve the performance

7)What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans:Hot module Replacement is the feature used in the react development for replacing the upadted module without refreshing the entire page.
    the bundlers will interact with react fast refresh

8)List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words 
Ans: 1)Minifizes the app
     2)Tree shaking
     3)BUild local and prod servers
     4)Gives error 
     5)Creates the caache
     6)Improves the performance

9)What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Ans:The .gitignore file we add in the application to ignore the files to be push from local to the remote repo
    ex:.gitignore->/node_modules, /dist

10) What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
Ans:Package.json is the config file where all the node_modules packages are added under the dev_dependencies and dependcies and it also gives the overall descdription of the project.
    Package-lock.json has contains the exact version of the packages and also it dependecies packages versions also.

11) Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans:It tracks the exact version of the package, if we chnage it, the application will crash it.




